[h2] Our vision for the future is one that’s better
[h1] About Envint
[h1] Envint is a sustainability and ESG solutions firm, founded with a purpose to shape a more liveable planet for the coming generations. Our mission is to drive sustainability into mainstream thought and action, with the belief that ‘ green makes sense beyond conscience ’. We believe that by embedding environmental, social and governance principles in their core strategies, businesses can not only do good for the world, but also earn better financial returns.
[p] How it all began
[p] A deep conviction to create an impact in the environment sector, steadfast encouragement from family & friends and a few coffee shop meetings was all it took Anand and Manish to start Envint in June 2018. They derive their inspiration from India’s innate wisdom on sustainable living, that is in harmony with nature and its creations.
[p] Envint is a portmanteau of ‘environment’ and ‘intelligence’ and an anagram of ‘invent’, reflecting a new approach to business. Initially conceived to provide intelligence for the environment sector, Envint has broadened its ambit to include the wider sustainability domain.
[p] Our Journey
[p] June 2018
[p] Envint starts in Mumbai with two founding Partners
[p] 2019
[p] Few ESG engagements and knowledge partnerships
[p] 2020
[p] COVID, lockdowns, changed world, first ESG due diligence
[p] 2021
[p] RI Head joins, first client on sustainability, team crosses double
digits, first off-site
[p] 2022
[p] Expands to four offices across India, team crosses 20, number of clients
touch 50
[p] 2023
[p] New themes in ESG, multiple DFI mandates, seeds of international
expansion
[p] 2024
[p] 6 years of creating impact, client roster crosses 100 with 300+
engagements
[p] A team you'll be proud
to call your own
[p] Our team is based across multiple locations in India and other geographies. We are on a shared journey to make businesses bring about change for the better.
[h3] Anand Krishnamurthy
[p] Anand co-founded Envint post a holiday in Andamans where he realized scuba diving wasn’t an alternative career. At Envint, he advises CXOs and functional teams on integrating sustainability in their operations. His areas of work include sustainability strategy & roadmaps, decarbonization planning, ESG policy & governance and communication & disclosures. He also leads engagements with Indian and international clients on water & wastewater, waste & circular economy and electric mobility. Before Envint, Anand worked in leadership positions in consulting, sales and marketing at Feedback Infra, GE Power & Water and Sterlite Power. Anand is a mechnical engineer from IIT Guwahati, MBA from IIM Bangalore and a PG Diploma in environmental law from NLSIU Bangalore. He has deep interest in the evolving policy and regulatory landscape related to natural resources, climate change and sustainable development. Anand loves the daily challenge of building Envint to be a respected global institution of sustainability professionals. The journey so far couldn’t have been better, thanks to his committed and fun-loving colleagues! Outside of work, Anand enjoys swimming, hiking, writing blogs and solving crosswords strictly of the cryptic kind.
[p] Anand co-founded Envint post a holiday in Andamans where he realized scuba diving wasn’t an alternative career.
[p] At Envint, he advises CXOs and functional teams on integrating sustainability in their operations. His areas of work include sustainability strategy & roadmaps, decarbonization planning, ESG policy & governance and communication & disclosures. He also leads engagements with Indian and international clients on water & wastewater, waste & circular economy and electric mobility.
[p] Before Envint, Anand worked in leadership positions in consulting, sales and marketing at Feedback Infra, GE Power & Water and Sterlite Power. Anand is a mechnical engineer from IIT Guwahati, MBA from IIM Bangalore and a PG Diploma in environmental law from NLSIU Bangalore. He has deep interest in the evolving policy and regulatory landscape related to natural resources, climate change and sustainable development.
[p] Anand loves the daily challenge of building Envint to be a respected global institution of sustainability professionals. The journey so far couldn’t have been better, thanks to his committed and fun-loving colleagues! Outside of work, Anand enjoys swimming, hiking, writing blogs and solving crosswords strictly of the cryptic kind.
[h3] Anand Krishnamurthy
[p] Anand co-founded Envint post a holiday in Andamans where he realized scuba diving wasn’t an alternative career. At Envint, he...
[h3] Manish R Jain
[p] Manish co-founded Envint with the aspiration of playing a crucial role in influencing responsible business decisions. He is living it out by helping corporate & investor clients progress on their ESG goals, across their sustainability journeys. At Envint, he gets involved in most aspects of ESG integration, frameworks & disclosures, climate action, risk assessments & tools. Manish has worked earlier with organizations such as Citibank, Bajaj Finance & Feedback Infra in various roles. He strongly believes that his prior experiences in M&A transaction advisory, corporate banking, management consultancy, project & structured finance, and as an entrepreneur at a brand engagement firm – have only helped immensely in this multi-disciplinary field of sustainability. Manish is a Chartered Accountant and an MBA from XLRI – Xavier School of Management, a premier business school of Asia. Perpetually curious and moving on the path towards “definite optimism” (borrowed from Peter Thiel), he ends each day thinking – what’s next for Envint! His role here has been very gratifying – building & leading a motivated team, learning new sectors & market domains, setting in place systems & tools for scaling up, and engaging in wide-ranging conversations with clients, team, partners, and a vibrant ecosystem. Manish is a nature lover & movie buff who loves to travel, hike & watch good content at every opportunity. On weekends, he can be found on the tennis court trying to improve his shots or discussing political and current affairs with friends.
[p] Manish co-founded Envint with the aspiration of playing a crucial role in influencing responsible business decisions. He is living it out by helping corporate & investor clients progress on their ESG goals, across their sustainability journeys. At Envint, he gets involved in most aspects of ESG integration, frameworks & disclosures, climate action, risk assessments & tools.
[p] Manish has worked earlier with organizations such as Citibank, Bajaj Finance & Feedback Infra in various roles. He strongly believes that his prior experiences in M&A transaction advisory, corporate banking, management consultancy, project & structured finance, and as an entrepreneur at a brand engagement firm – have only helped immensely in this multi-disciplinary field of sustainability. Manish is a Chartered Accountant and an MBA from XLRI – Xavier School of Management, a premier business school of Asia.
[p] Perpetually curious and moving on the path towards “definite optimism” (borrowed from Peter Thiel), he ends each day thinking – what’s next for Envint! His role here has been very gratifying – building & leading a motivated team, learning new sectors & market domains, setting in place systems & tools for scaling up, and engaging in wide-ranging conversations with clients, team, partners, and a vibrant ecosystem.
[p] Manish is a nature lover & movie buff who loves to travel, hike & watch good content at every opportunity. On weekends, he can be found on the tennis court trying to improve his shots or discussing political and current affairs with friends.
[h3] Manish R Jain
[p] Manish co-founded Envint with the aspiration of playing a crucial role in influencing responsible business decisions. He is living it...
[h3] Lucille Andrade
[p] Lucille has been instrumental in building and leading the Responsbile Investment service line at Envint, assisting investors and businesses adopt and integrate ESG. She joined Envint at the inflection point of ESG adoption across the world, to work towards the shared goal of influencing responsible business decisions. A significant part of her 18+ years of experience has been with one of India’s leading environmental and social consulting firms in a highly impactful senior management role. Having advised multiple investors, funds and corporates in their ESG journey, Lucille has in-depth understanding of Indian and International ESG frameworks. A deep passion around the domain, pragmatic understanding of on-ground operational challenges and strong understanding of impact assessments helps her be a trusted advisor for clients.Luciille started off as an Architect, earned a Masters in environment planning from CEPT and has a PG Diploma in Environmental Law from NLSIU Bangalore. Lucille is a trained Hindustani Classical vocalist and loves watching action movies. During her spare time, she enjoys creating designer products using crochet.
[p] Lucille has been instrumental in building and leading the Responsbile Investment service line at Envint, assisting investors and businesses adopt and integrate ESG.
[p] She joined Envint at the inflection point of ESG adoption across the world, to work towards the shared goal of influencing responsible business decisions. A significant part of her 18+ years of experience has been with one of India’s leading environmental and social consulting firms in a highly impactful senior management role.
[p] Having advised multiple investors, funds and corporates in their ESG journey, Lucille has in-depth understanding of Indian and International ESG frameworks. A deep passion around the domain, pragmatic understanding of on-ground operational challenges and strong understanding of impact assessments helps her be a trusted advisor for clients.Luciille started off as an Architect, earned a Masters in environment planning from CEPT and has a PG Diploma in Environmental Law from NLSIU Bangalore.
[p] Lucille is a trained Hindustani Classical vocalist and loves watching action movies. During her spare time, she enjoys creating designer products using crochet.
[h3] Lucille Andrade
[p] Lucille has been instrumental in building and leading the Responsbile Investment service line at Envint, assisting investors and businesses adopt...
[h3] Vibhav Nuwal
[p] Vibhav is a partner with Envint and focuses on its UK and European business, and also acts as a Renewable Energy and Carbon sector expert. Vibhav has over two decades of experience, including in building and scaling start-ups in the Sustainability and ClimateTech space. At his last venture – REConnect Energy – he built technology tools for wind and solar projects, and in the process grew the venture to a 150+ team. He is an MBA from Columbia Business School, and has worked in Climate Finance, strategy and international business. Outside of work, Vibhav enjoys trekking, birding and reading.
[p] Vibhav is a partner with Envint and focuses on its UK and European business, and also acts as a Renewable Energy and Carbon sector expert.
[p] Vibhav has over two decades of experience, including in building and scaling start-ups in the Sustainability and ClimateTech space. At his last venture – REConnect Energy – he built technology tools for wind and solar projects, and in the process grew the venture to a 150+ team. He is an MBA from Columbia Business School, and has worked in Climate Finance, strategy and international business.
[p] Outside of work, Vibhav enjoys trekking, birding and reading.
[h3] Vibhav Nuwal
[p] Vibhav is a partner with Envint and focuses on its UK and European business, and also acts as a Renewable...
[h3] Aastha Agrawal
[p] An IAS officer once told her that one can bring about a real change by becoming a civil servant. All determined to become one, she went on to pursue her Bachelors in Geography only to realise her greater love for the subject. She knew she could still fulfil her aspiration of bringing about a change by driving the concept of sustainability into mainstream thought and action.Today she holds a graduate and post graduate degree in Geography from Miranda House, Delhi University and Jawaharlal Nehru University respectively. She decided to begin her professional journey with Envint which is helping her walk the talk. At Envint she is involved in engagements related to E&S Impact Assessments, E&S Due diligence, DEI Strategies, Livelihood assessments and ecosystem screening. During her weekends she loves to drown herself in books, binge-watch sitcoms and plan family game-nights while relishing in great delicacies.
[p] An IAS officer once told her that one can bring about a real change by becoming a civil servant. All determined to become one, she went on to pursue her Bachelors in Geography only to realise her greater love for the subject. She knew she could still fulfil her aspiration of bringing about a change by driving the concept of sustainability into mainstream thought and action.Today she holds a graduate and post graduate degree in Geography from Miranda House, Delhi University and Jawaharlal Nehru University respectively.
[p] She decided to begin her professional journey with Envint which is helping her walk the talk. At Envint she is involved in engagements related to E&S Impact Assessments, E&S Due diligence, DEI Strategies, Livelihood assessments and ecosystem screening.
[p] During her weekends she loves to drown herself in books, binge-watch sitcoms and plan family game-nights while relishing in great delicacies.
[h3] Aastha Agrawal
[p] An IAS officer once told her that one can bring about a real change by becoming a civil servant. All...
[h3] Abhishek Bhure
[p] Abhishek is a tech enthusiast driven by the belief that technology can be a powerful enabler of sustainability. With a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Applications, his journey began in the world of software development, but a growing curiosity about environmental challenges and social impact soon steered him toward the ESG space. At Envint, Abhishek brings together his technical skills and purpose-driven mindset to build digital-first tools that help organizations track, manage, and improve their sustainability performance. Whether he’s developing scalable web applications or translating complex ESG requirements into intuitive digital solutions, he’s passionate about creating seamless user experiences that drive real-world impact. When he’s not writing code, Abhishek enjoys unwinding with video games and occasionally experimenting in the kitchen, a creative outlet that keeps him relaxed and recharged.
[p] Abhishek is a tech enthusiast driven by the belief that technology can be a powerful enabler of sustainability. With a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Applications, his journey began in the world of software development, but a growing curiosity about environmental challenges and social impact soon steered him toward the ESG space.
[p] At Envint, Abhishek brings together his technical skills and purpose-driven mindset to build digital-first tools that help organizations track, manage, and improve their sustainability performance. Whether he’s developing scalable web applications or translating complex ESG requirements into intuitive digital solutions, he’s passionate about creating seamless user experiences that drive real-world impact.
[p] When he’s not writing code, Abhishek enjoys unwinding with video games and occasionally experimenting in the kitchen, a creative outlet that keeps him relaxed and recharged.
[h3] Abhishek Bhure
[p] Abhishek is a tech enthusiast driven by the belief that technology can be a powerful enabler of sustainability. With a...
[h3] Arthita Ray
[p] Arthita is a post-graduate in environmental science from the University of Calcutta. She has felt a strong connection with nature since childhood. She relishes gratitude and absorbs essential life skills by witnessing nature’s creations and activities – blossoming flowers, gentle breezes, birds chattering, kingfishers capturing their prey, and so on. In the age of a decaying environment, Arthita firmly believes that she must act now for both her beloved nature and the next generation. Envint is her first workplace, providing valuable experience and illuminating exposure. Currently, she is involved in ESG integration, GRESB reporting, ESMS development of FIs and ESMS audit of FIs in different countries i.e., Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and ESG due diligence engagements. In addition to being an avid watcher of nature, she has a strong passion for Rabindra sangeet, embracing her path of life. She enjoys capturing moments through a lens and loves reading books and articles that help her gain a psychological perspective.
[p] Arthita is a post-graduate in environmental science from the University of Calcutta. She has felt a strong connection with nature since childhood. She relishes gratitude and absorbs essential life skills by witnessing nature’s creations and activities – blossoming flowers, gentle breezes, birds chattering, kingfishers capturing their prey, and so on. In the age of a decaying environment, Arthita firmly believes that she must act now for both her beloved nature and the next generation.
[p] Envint is her first workplace, providing valuable experience and illuminating exposure. Currently, she is involved in ESG integration, GRESB reporting, ESMS development of FIs and ESMS audit of FIs in different countries i.e., Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and ESG due diligence engagements.
[p] In addition to being an avid watcher of nature, she has a strong passion for Rabindra sangeet, embracing her path of life. She enjoys capturing moments through a lens and loves reading books and articles that help her gain a psychological perspective.
[h3] Arthita Ray
[p] Arthita is a post-graduate in environmental science from the University of Calcutta. She has felt a strong connection with nature...
[h3] Aseem Dixit
[p] Aseem brings a business-oriented perspective to sustainability, supported by his academic background in sustainable business. His long-standing interest in the natural environment developed through years spent exploring the outdoors, which fostered a strong appreciation for conservation and responsible environmental practices. This early connection gradually evolved from a personal interest into a professional commitment to sustainability and impact-focused work. At Envint, Aseem supports key initiatives through data analysis and structured report drafting across environmental and social due diligence, Environmental and Social Impact Assessments (ESIA), and CSR impact assessment projects. His work contributes to evaluating project outcomes, analysing sustainability data, and preparing reports that support informed decision making. Outside of work, Aseem enjoys bouldering and spending time in the outdoors, often seeking new adventure experiences that keep him connected to the natural environments he values.
[p] Aseem brings a business-oriented perspective to sustainability, supported by his academic background in sustainable business. His long-standing interest in the natural environment developed through years spent exploring the outdoors, which fostered a strong appreciation for conservation and responsible environmental practices. This early connection gradually evolved from a personal interest into a professional commitment to sustainability and impact-focused work.
[p] At Envint, Aseem supports key initiatives through data analysis and structured report drafting across environmental and social due diligence, Environmental and Social Impact Assessments (ESIA), and CSR impact assessment projects. His work contributes to evaluating project outcomes, analysing sustainability data, and preparing reports that support informed decision making.
[p] Outside of work, Aseem enjoys bouldering and spending time in the outdoors, often seeking new adventure experiences that keep him connected to the natural environments he values.
[h3] Aseem Dixit
[p] Aseem brings a business-oriented perspective to sustainability, supported by his academic background in sustainable business. His long-standing interest in the...
[h3] Fiona Mathias
[p] Fiona is a marketing professional with a degree in Management Studies, specializing in Marketing. She believes marketing is a way to connect with people and make a positive impact. At Envint, Fiona manages the company’s digital presence. She leads social media strategy, oversees content creation, and uses analytics to track and improve outreach. She stays up to date with the latest digital trends, ensuring Envint’s work in sustainability and ESG reaches the right audience. Her work translates into marketing campaigns that showcase the company’s expertise and thought leadership. Fiona also enjoys content writing, sharing her observations with a focus on sustainability and ESG. To stay inspired, she loves exploring nature trails and capturing images of landscapes, animals, and everyday moments that spark curiosity. She sees every marketing channel as a chance to educate, connect, and inspire a more sustainable future.
[p] Fiona is a marketing professional with a degree in Management Studies, specializing in Marketing. She believes marketing is a way to connect with people and make a positive impact.
[p] At Envint, Fiona manages the company’s digital presence. She leads social media strategy, oversees content creation, and uses analytics to track and improve outreach. She stays up to date with the latest digital trends, ensuring Envint’s work in sustainability and ESG reaches the right audience. Her work translates into marketing campaigns that showcase the company’s expertise and thought leadership.
[p] Fiona also enjoys content writing, sharing her observations with a focus on sustainability and ESG. To stay inspired, she loves exploring nature trails and capturing images of landscapes, animals, and everyday moments that spark curiosity.
[p] She sees every marketing channel as a chance to educate, connect, and inspire a more sustainable future.
[h3] Fiona Mathias
[p] Fiona is a marketing professional with a degree in Management Studies, specializing in Marketing. She believes marketing is a way...
[h3] Jay Monga
[p] Jay is a dedicated professional with a strong background in finance and a keen interest in sustainability. Having pursued a B.Com (Honors) degree from Delhi University’s Sri Guru Nanak Dev Khalsa College, Jay’s academic journey laid the foundation for his career pursuits. His inclination towards sustainability was sparked during his tenure as an Equity Research Trainee at Edelweiss Wealth Management, where he delved into the ESG domain. This experience ignited a passion for contributing to environmental and social responsibility within corporate frameworks. At Envint, Jay plays a pivotal role in driving research initiatives across various sustainability sectors and domains including allegation assessment for mines, ESG scoring for mining companies, peer benchmarking, ESG best practices, etc. Working closely with his professional peers, he is responsible for conducting extensive research and analysis. Beyond his professional endeavors, he’s an avid gym enthusiast, dedicating himself to a disciplined fitness routine to achieve his wellness goals. Furthermore, Jay finds joy in fish keeping, creating tranquil underwater environments in his home and nurturing aquatic life.
[p] Jay is a dedicated professional with a strong background in finance and a keen interest in sustainability. Having pursued a B.Com (Honors) degree from Delhi University’s Sri Guru Nanak Dev Khalsa College, Jay’s academic journey laid the foundation for his career pursuits.
[p] His inclination towards sustainability was sparked during his tenure as an Equity Research Trainee at Edelweiss Wealth Management, where he delved into the ESG domain. This experience ignited a passion for contributing to environmental and social responsibility within corporate frameworks.
[p] At Envint, Jay plays a pivotal role in driving research initiatives across various sustainability sectors and domains including allegation assessment for mines, ESG scoring for mining companies, peer benchmarking, ESG best practices, etc. Working closely with his professional peers, he is responsible for conducting extensive research and analysis.
[p] Beyond his professional endeavors, he’s an avid gym enthusiast, dedicating himself to a disciplined fitness routine to achieve his wellness goals. Furthermore, Jay finds joy in fish keeping, creating tranquil underwater environments in his home and nurturing aquatic life.
[h3] Jay Monga
[p] Jay is a dedicated professional with a strong background in finance and a keen interest in sustainability. Having pursued a...
[h3] Kavya Singh
[p] Kavya is a Software Developer with a strong foundation in mathematics and computing. She holds a Bachelor of Technology in Mathematics and Scientific Computing from the National Institute of Technology Hamirpur, where she developed an interest in analytical problem solving and technology driven solutions. At Envint, Kavya works on frontend development and UI UX, supporting the company’s digital first platforms and tools. She also contributes to automation initiatives that improve internal efficiency and streamline project workflows. Through her work, she has developed a growing interest in the ESG space, particularly in how data and technology can support long term sustainability outcomes. Outside of work, Kavya enjoys learning about historical events, and playing badminton.
[p] Kavya is a Software Developer with a strong foundation in mathematics and computing. She holds a Bachelor of Technology in Mathematics and Scientific Computing from the National Institute of Technology Hamirpur, where she developed an interest in analytical problem solving and technology driven solutions.
[p] At Envint, Kavya works on frontend development and UI UX, supporting the company’s digital first platforms and tools. She also contributes to automation initiatives that improve internal efficiency and streamline project workflows. Through her work, she has developed a growing interest in the ESG space, particularly in how data and technology can support long term sustainability outcomes.
[p] Outside of work, Kavya enjoys learning about historical events, and playing badminton.
[h3] Kavya Singh
[p] Kavya is a Software Developer with a strong foundation in mathematics and computing. She holds a Bachelor of Technology in...
[h3] Mabelle David
[p] Mabelle is a dedicated HR professional with a degree in Management Studies, specializing in Human Resources. From early on, her career was rooted in the philosophy that great organizations are built by people who care about the impact they create, both within and beyond the workplace. This belief, combined with a deep-rooted appreciation for nature, sparked Mabelle’s interest in sustainability and ESG principles. She believes that HR isn’t just about hiring or managing people, it’s also about shaping a company’s culture, values, and impact by hiring people who are committed to sustainable practices and by fostering an environmentally conscious workplace culture. At Envint, her primary focus is talent acquisition, and onboarding and engaging new employees, ensuring they feel aligned with Envint’s values and mission. Beyond recruitment, Mabelle manages operational tasks and collaborates with teams to drive organizational efficiency. This includes streamlining workflows, enhancing communication channels, and promoting company-wide awareness of sustainability initiatives. Mabelle’s interests go beyond her professional endeavors. She is passionate about singing and dancing, enjoying creative expression as a way to balance her work life. She also takes a personal interest in environmental projects, volunteering for clean-up drives and community sustainability initiatives in her free time. By aligning her enthusiasm for both people and the environment, she approaches each hiring decision as an opportunity to make a positive difference, contributing to a sustainable future through her work.
[p] Mabelle is a dedicated HR professional with a degree in Management Studies, specializing in Human Resources. From early on, her career was rooted in the philosophy that great organizations are built by people who care about the impact they create, both within and beyond the workplace. This belief, combined with a deep-rooted appreciation for nature, sparked Mabelle’s interest in sustainability and ESG principles. She believes that HR isn’t just about hiring or managing people, it’s also about shaping a company’s culture, values, and impact by hiring people who are committed to sustainable practices and by fostering an environmentally conscious workplace culture.
[p] At Envint, her primary focus is talent acquisition, and onboarding and engaging new employees, ensuring they feel aligned with Envint’s values and mission. Beyond recruitment, Mabelle manages operational tasks and collaborates with teams to drive organizational efficiency. This includes streamlining workflows, enhancing communication channels, and promoting company-wide awareness of sustainability initiatives.
[p] Mabelle’s interests go beyond her professional endeavors. She is passionate about singing and dancing, enjoying creative expression as a way to balance her work life. She also takes a personal interest in environmental projects, volunteering for clean-up drives and community sustainability initiatives in her free time.
[p] By aligning her enthusiasm for both people and the environment, she approaches each hiring decision as an opportunity to make a positive difference, contributing to a sustainable future through her work.
[h3] Mabelle David
[p] Mabelle is a dedicated HR professional with a degree in Management Studies, specializing in Human Resources. From early on, her...
[p] Anand Krishnamurthy
[p] Co founder
[p] Anand Krishnamurthy
[p] Co founder
[p] Anand Krishnamurthy
[p] Co founder
[p] Anand Krishnamurthy
[p] Co founder